[Music]
I waited 400 years for this day you're
needed we are in the last city on earth
some call it the perfect society but
others know better the government
control is total people disappear as
though they never existed but there are
levels who believe in freedom a new
fight in the name of the disappear
[Music]
I am one of them
we have an assignment the government's
protecting something we want you to
eliminate determine good child to this
we will have our victory ready always
I keep off the grass she's coming get to
a safe place
[Music]
burned boys
our world is beautiful worth preserving
at any cost
you're pathetic I'm afraid we're going
too far people on all sides die amateurs
you may want to duck
I had a life once now all I have is a
mission
you